# ccdm-website

Ciclo de Conversas Design e Multimédia is a series of talks organized yearly b teachers of the Bachelor and Master programs in Design and Multimedia of the University of Coimbra.

This project was created as part of the Project 1 - Web Identity subject, during our second year in the Bachelor's Degree program in Design and Multimedia at the Faculty of Sciences and Technology of the University of Coimbra, unde the guidance of professors Artur Rebelo, Eduardo Mota and Tiago Martins. Ciclo de Conversas Design e Multimédia is a series of talks organized yearly b teachers of the Bachelor and Master programs in Design and Multimedia of the University of Coimbra. Each year, students are grouped and tasked with creating a proposal for the visual identity of the event, and one of the proposals is chosen by the organizing committee to be used in the following years CCDM. When developing the visual identity, we took in consideration how CCDM was an event made by designers, for designers, which for us meant that we could push boundaries, making an experimental, abstract and dynamic identity. We decided we wanted to explore the idea of letters as abstract and distorted shapes, and since the visual identity would be heavily digital, we focused on randomized and generative design. Our final result was a bright and randomized visual identity. We defined eight different two-tone color palettes and designed a logo that could be randomly distorted. With the help of JavaScript and P5JS, we were able to develop a website with shapes that morphed randomly and continuously, using perlin noise to limit and control the distortion. The website was also made to be interactive, since every click changed the color palette, and the user could influence the speed of the morphing. The project's main focus was to create a web identity, however, during every phase of the project we always considered whether our ideas could be executed without programming or not. Therefore, every random aspect of our identity can be replicable manually, from simply choosing one of the many color palettes or by distorting the logo using a series of set rules.
